Mid-term-report.md, before:

## MP.1 Data Buffer

Implemented a Ring Buffer backed by a `std::vector`. The Ring Buffer is initialized with a fixed max capacity, after
which old elements are replaced by new elements. A simple iterator interface is exposed that is just enough to enable
the `.end()` based API.
I could've used vector::erase, but technically that is linear in the number of items in the vector as it has to destruct
the removed item and then move the others down. This would have worked fine for the case here of 8 or so images.
For this purpose, implementing a proper ring was just an excuse to do the exercise as well as implement a custom
iterator which I had never done before.


## MP.2 Detector notes

- FAST is actually really fast! getting <1ms on my computer
- Harris and Shi-Tomasi are ~8-9ms.
- BRISK is even slower at 25-26ms with a threshold of 90, so not very brisk.
- ORB takes 4ms with default parameters.
- AKAZE is 43ms with default parameters.
- SIFT is 48ms.

Obviously I need to write a more accurate benchmark setup for this.

## MP.3 Region of interest

This was really easy by using OpenCV's keypoint filtering abilities, masking the area of the rectangle.


## MP.4 Descriptor Extraction
## MP.5 Addition of FLANN and kNN
## MP.6 Addition of distance ratio test

## MP.7 Number of keypoints within the vehicle bounding box for each detector.

| Detector  |Median|p90|Image 1|Image 2|Image 3|Image 4|Image 5|Image 6|Image 7|Image 8|Image 9|Image 10|
|-----------|------|---|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|
| SHITOMASI |119|123.2|125|118|123|120|120|113|114|123|111|112|
| AKAZE     |165|177.2|166|157|161|155|163|164|173|175|177|179|
| BRISK     |92.5|96.3|87|88|81|92|93|94|95|96|99|90|
| FAST      |62.5|66.3|63|57|62|60|59|65|58|63|69|66|
| HARRIS    |23.5|34.9|17|14|18|21|26|43|18|31|26|34|
| ORB       |119|129.1|92|102|106|113|109|125|130|129|127|128|
| SIFT      |137|149.1|138|132|124|137|134|140|137|148|159|137|

## MP.8 Number of matched keypoints

**For this exercise, the filter on only the preceding vehicle has been removed. The entire image is considered.**

| Detector  | Descriptor | median number of Matching keypoints | p90  |
|-----------|------------|-------------------------------------|------|
| AKAZE     | AKAZE      | 1025                                | 1039 |
| AKAZE     | BRIEF      | 985                                 | 1005 |
| AKAZE     | FREAK      | 870                                 | 904  |
| AKAZE     | ORB        | 878                                 | 905  |
| AKAZE     | SIFT       | 1055                                | 1058 |
| BRISK     | AKAZE      | n/a                                 | n/a  |
| BRISK     | BRIEF      | 483                                 | 503  |
| BRISK     | FREAK      | 396                                 | 410  |
| BRISK     | ORB        | 420                                 | 435  |
| BRISK     | SIFT       | 483                                 | 504  |
| FAST      | AKAZE      | n/a                                 | n/a  |
| FAST      | BRIEF      | 438                                 | 446  |
| FAST      | FREAK      | 314                                 | 320  |
| FAST      | ORB        | 408                                 | 418  |
| FAST      | SIFT       | 471                                 | 487  |
| HARRIS    | AKAZE      | n/a                                 | n/a  |
| HARRIS    | BRIEF      | 93                                  | 143  |
| HARRIS    | FREAK      | 77                                  | 116  |
| HARRIS    | ORB        | 89                                  | 132  |
| HARRIS    | SIFT       | 95                                  | 154  |
| ORB       | AKAZE      | n/a                                 | n/a  |
| ORB       | BRIEF      | 246                                 | 251  |
| ORB       | FREAK      | 127                                 | 131  |
| ORB       | ORB        | 336                                 | 342  |
| ORB       | SIFT       | 371                                 | 377  |
| SHITOMASI | AKAZE      | n/a                                 | n/a  |
| SHITOMASI | BRIEF      | 981                                 | 1003 |
| SHITOMASI | FREAK      | 714                                 | 724  |
| SHITOMASI | ORB        | 890                                 | 908  |
| SHITOMASI | SIFT       | 1045                                | 1068 |
| SIFT      | AKAZE      | n/a                                 | n/a  |
| SIFT      | BRIEF      | 653                                 | 673  |
| SIFT      | FREAK      | 522                                 | 538  |
| SIFT      | ORB        | n/a                                 | n/a  |
| SIFT      | SIFT       | 759                                 | 815  |

## MP.9

- [ ] **Remember to run in Release mode for this!**

Commit message:

Add mp9 raw data.
This is enough to finish the rest of this task on any computer without having to actually run the code anymore.

Mid-term-report.md, after:

## MP.1 Data Buffer

Implemented a Ring Buffer backed by a `std::vector`. The Ring Buffer is initialized with a fixed max capacity, after
which old elements are replaced by new elements. A simple iterator interface is exposed that is just enough to enable
the `.end()` based API.
I could've used vector::erase, but technically that is linear in the number of items in the vector as it has to destruct
the removed item and then move the others down. This would have worked fine for the case here of 8 or so images.
For this purpose, implementing a proper ring was just an excuse to do the exercise as well as implement a custom
iterator which I had never done before.


## MP.2 Detector notes

- FAST is actually really fast! getting <1ms on my computer
- Harris and Shi-Tomasi are ~8-9ms.
- BRISK is even slower at 25-26ms with a threshold of 90, so not very brisk.
- ORB takes 4ms with default parameters.
- AKAZE is 43ms with default parameters.
- SIFT is 48ms.

Obviously I need to write a more accurate benchmark setup for this.

## MP.3 Region of interest

This was really easy by using OpenCV's keypoint filtering abilities, masking the area of the rectangle.


## MP.4 Descriptor Extraction
## MP.5 Addition of FLANN and kNN
## MP.6 Addition of distance ratio test

## MP.7 Number of keypoints within the vehicle bounding box for each detector.

| Detector  |Median|p90|Image 1|Image 2|Image 3|Image 4|Image 5|Image 6|Image 7|Image 8|Image 9|Image 10|
|-----------|------|---|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|
| SHITOMASI |119|123.2|125|118|123|120|120|113|114|123|111|112|
| AKAZE     |165|177.2|166|157|161|155|163|164|173|175|177|179|
| BRISK     |92.5|96.3|87|88|81|92|93|94|95|96|99|90|
| FAST      |62.5|66.3|63|57|62|60|59|65|58|63|69|66|
| HARRIS    |23.5|34.9|17|14|18|21|26|43|18|31|26|34|
| ORB       |119|129.1|92|102|106|113|109|125|130|129|127|128|
| SIFT      |137|149.1|138|132|124|137|134|140|137|148|159|137|

## MP.8 Number of matched keypoints

**For this exercise, the filter on only the preceding vehicle has been removed. The entire image is considered.**

| Detector  | Descriptor | median number of Matching keypoints | p90  |
|-----------|------------|-------------------------------------|------|
| AKAZE     | AKAZE      | 1025                                | 1039 |
| AKAZE     | BRIEF      | 985                                 | 1005 |
| AKAZE     | FREAK      | 870                                 | 904  |
| AKAZE     | ORB        | 878                                 | 905  |
| AKAZE     | SIFT       | 1055                                | 1058 |
| BRISK     | AKAZE      | n/a                                 | n/a  |
| BRISK     | BRIEF      | 483                                 | 503  |
| BRISK     | FREAK      | 396                                 | 410  |
| BRISK     | ORB        | 420                                 | 435  |
| BRISK     | SIFT       | 483                                 | 504  |
| FAST      | AKAZE      | n/a                                 | n/a  |
| FAST      | BRIEF      | 438                                 | 446  |
| FAST      | FREAK      | 314                                 | 320  |
| FAST      | ORB        | 408                                 | 418  |
| FAST      | SIFT       | 471                                 | 487  |
| HARRIS    | AKAZE      | n/a                                 | n/a  |
| HARRIS    | BRIEF      | 93                                  | 143  |
| HARRIS    | FREAK      | 77                                  | 116  |
| HARRIS    | ORB        | 89                                  | 132  |
| HARRIS    | SIFT       | 95                                  | 154  |
| ORB       | AKAZE      | n/a                                 | n/a  |
| ORB       | BRIEF      | 246                                 | 251  |
| ORB       | FREAK      | 127                                 | 131  |
| ORB       | ORB        | 336                                 | 342  |
| ORB       | SIFT       | 371                                 | 377  |
| SHITOMASI | AKAZE      | n/a                                 | n/a  |
| SHITOMASI | BRIEF      | 981                                 | 1003 |
| SHITOMASI | FREAK      | 714                                 | 724  |
| SHITOMASI | ORB        | 890                                 | 908  |
| SHITOMASI | SIFT       | 1045                                | 1068 |
| SIFT      | AKAZE      | n/a                                 | n/a  |
| SIFT      | BRIEF      | 653                                 | 673  |
| SIFT      | FREAK      | 522                                 | 538  |
| SIFT      | ORB        | n/a                                 | n/a  |
| SIFT      | SIFT       | 759                                 | 815  |

## MP.9

- [x] **Remember to run in Release mode for this!**
- [ ] We have the data. Do the agrinding and add the time for detection and descriptor extraction per image. Then take median and p90.
